stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_B/C-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_H/C-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-1_O/C-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_B/C-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_H/C-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-2_O/C-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_B/C-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_H/C-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-3_O/C-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_B/C-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_H/C-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-4_O/C-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_B/C-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_H/C-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-5_O/C-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_B/C-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_H/C-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/C-6_O/C-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/C-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_B/DR-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_H/DR-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-1_O/DR-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_B/DR-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_H/DR-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-2_O/DR-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_B/DR-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_H/DR-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-3_O/DR-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_B/DR-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_H/DR-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-4_O/DR-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_B/DR-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_H/DR-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-5_O/DR-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_B/DR-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_H/DR-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/DR-6_O/DR-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/DR-6_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_B/HS-1_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_H/HS-1_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-1_O/HS-1_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-1_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_B/HS-2_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_H/HS-2_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-2_O/HS-2_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-2_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_B/HS-3_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_H/HS-3_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-3_O/HS-3_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-3_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_B/HS-4_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_H/HS-4_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-4_O/HS-4_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-4_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_B/HS-5_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_H/HS-5_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-5_O/HS-5_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-5_O_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_B/HS-6_B_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_B_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_H/HS-6_H_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_H_merged.bam 
stringtie -e -B -p 8 -G /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotgtfs/stringtie_merged.gtf -o /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/ballG/HS-6_O/HS-6_O_ballgown.gtf /group/kinglab/enoch/MyGithub/BasePop_RNAseq/base_pop/processed/dotbams/HS-6_O_merged.bam 
